Wagtail 6.0 (#10)
torchbox/wagtail-purge: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changed

> - Support for Wagtail version 5.2 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated supported Wagtail versions to 5.2 and above
```

Author: Thanks @zerolab ,
Applied this suggestion
